docs/contracts/interfaces/ITreasuryManager.md, before:

# ITreasuryManager

A contract that manages fee-related functionality.

## Functions

### setFee

```solidity
function setFee(
    address token,
    uint256 newFee
) external
```

Sets the minting fee for a given token used for paying.

Callable only by the owner.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `token` | address | The token whose fee is set. |
| `newFee` | uint256 | The new fee in base units. |

### setTreasury

```solidity
function setTreasury(
    address payable newTreasury
) external
```

Sets the address that receives the fees.

Callable only by the owner.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `newTreasury` | address payable | The new address of the treasury. |

### fee

```solidity
function fee(
    address token
) external returns (uint256 fee)
```

The minting fee of a token.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `token` | address | The token used for paying. |

#### Return Values

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `fee` | uint256 | The amount of the fee in base units. |
### treasury

```solidity
function treasury() external returns (address payable)
```

Returns the address that receives the fees.

## Events

### FeeChanged

```solidity
event FeeChanged(
    address token,
    uint256 newFee
)
```

Event emitted when a token's fee is changed.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `token` | address | The address of the token whose fee was changed. 0 for ether. |
| `newFee` | uint256 | The new amount of fee in base units. |
### TreasuryChanged

```solidity
event TreasuryChanged(
    address newTreasury
)
```

Event emitted when the treasury address is changed.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `newTreasury` | address | The new address of the treasury. |

Commit message:

Add factory for the NFT (#3)
* Add factory

* Remove redundant initializer

* Make validSigner not payable, add initialize to interface

* Split variable storage locations

* Separate factory and implementation

* Remove test from irrelevant location

* Take care of tests

* Set owner on clones

* Update deploy scripts

* Fix/cleanup tests

* Make validSigner internal on the NFT

* Add note to deploy script

* Update factory interface

* Update Mumbai RPC

* Update docs

* Store multiple token contracts per guild

* Update docs

* Update upgrade script

* Update deployment on Mumbai

* Fix GuildRewardNFT tests

* Make nft implementation non-upgradeable

* Remove intermediary deployments

* Prepare factory for deploying multiple types of contracts

* Add tests for setNFTImplementation

* Update docs

docs/contracts/interfaces/ITreasuryManager.md, after:

# ITreasuryManager

A contract that manages fee-related functionality.

## Functions

### setFee

```solidity
function setFee(
    address token,
    uint256 newFee
) external
```

Sets the minting fee for a given token used for paying.

Callable only by the owner.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `token` | address | The token whose fee is set. |
| `newFee` | uint256 | The new fee in base units. |

### setTreasury

```solidity
function setTreasury(
    address payable newTreasury
) external
```

Sets the address that receives the fees.

Callable only by the owner.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `newTreasury` | address payable | The new address of the treasury. |

### fee

```solidity
function fee(
    address token
) external returns (uint256 fee)
```

The minting fee of a token.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `token` | address | The token used for paying. |

#### Return Values

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `fee` | uint256 | The amount of the fee in base units. |
### getFeeData

```solidity
function getFeeData(
    address payToken
) external returns (uint256 tokenFee, address payable treasuryAddress)
```

Gets both the fee and the treasury address for optimization purposes.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `payToken` | address | The token to get the fee for. |

#### Return Values

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `tokenFee` | uint256 | The fee for the token in base units. |
| `treasuryAddress` | address payable | The address of the treasury. |
### treasury

```solidity
function treasury() external returns (address payable)
```

Returns the address that receives the fees.

## Events

### FeeChanged

```solidity
event FeeChanged(
    address token,
    uint256 newFee
)
```

Event emitted when a token's fee is changed.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `token` | address | The address of the token whose fee was changed. 0 for ether. |
| `newFee` | uint256 | The new amount of fee in base units. |
### TreasuryChanged

```solidity
event TreasuryChanged(
    address newTreasury
)
```

Event emitted when the treasury address is changed.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :---------- |
| `newTreasury` | address | The new address of the treasury. |
